as I mentioned we are we were just in
Brooklyn for the week last weekend
there's a healthy rivalry between New
York and Los Angeles from time to time
we like to exploit that rivalry so we
went coast to coast and asked people
from each city to tell us the worst
thing about the people from the other
city and this is what we were told
[Music]
what is the worst thing about New York I
love it what's the worst thing about the
people in LA you know there's not as
nice as they on New York it's kind of
like a common misconception I think that
people think la people are nice but
really what is the worst thing about New
York the big ass riots what's the worst
thing about people in LA
fake BOTS fake boobs fake lips fake
faces fake noses are you into that
no what is the worst thing about New
York the route ask people oh I'm sorry
cross mystery what don't you like about
people from LA how do you drag they
words can you do an impression of a New
Yorker go around the block and get to
get you a hoagie can you do an
impression of a New Yorker I'm working
here
oh my god you know there's like a $5
Chia pole next to SoulCycle and oh my
god I've enough Paltrow is having a pop
up let's go this is the perfect Sunday
oh my god like that's that's what I hear
all the time but I'm in LA can you do an
impression of someone from LA yeah I was
a dad that knew brunch place on the
brain and they're trying to charge like
18 bucks for avocados to his dude it's
crazy what's the worst thing about New
York the worst thing about New York is
the weather for sure you have to keep
your guns inside huh yeah it's not tank
top weather no sun's out guns out what
is the worst thing about LA weather
maybe I'm a I don't keep nice weather I
don't know I I don't I don't look no
one's ever said that I mean I don't know
anything about a Los Angeles thing to
know is that the weather is good okay
you don't like the weather I mean I mean
I
here thanks for watching and remember
every time you click the subscribe
button one of your enemies gets
destroyed